In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ending hunger, achieving food security and improved nutrition, and promoting sustainable agriculture?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ensuring availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ensuring healthy lives and promoting well-being for all at all ages?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ensuring access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of conserving and sustainably using the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of protecting, restoring and promoting sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably managing forests, combating desertification, and halting and reversing land degradation and halting biodiversity loss?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ensuring inclusive and equitable quality education and promoting lifelong learning opportunities for all?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of promoting sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ending poverty in all its forms everywhere?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of making cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of taking urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts by regulating emissions and promoting developments in renewable energy?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of promoting peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, providing access to justice for all and building effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of ensuring sustainable consumption and production patterns?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of building resilient infrastructure, promoting inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and fostering innovation?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of reducing income inequality within and among countries?
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is it to you the goal of achieving gender equality and empowering all women and girls?
