In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ending hunger, achieving food security and improved nutrition, and promoting sustainable agriculture? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ensuring availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ensuring healthy lives and promoting well-being for all at all ages? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ensuring access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of conserving and sustainably using the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of protecting, restoring and promoting sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably managing forests, combating desertification, and halting and reversing land degradation and halting biodiversity loss? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ensuring inclusive and equitable quality education and promoting lifelong learning opportunities for all? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of promoting sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ending poverty in all its forms everywhere? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of making cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of taking urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts by regulating emissions and promoting developments in renewable energy? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of promoting peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, providing access to justice for all and building effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of ensuring sustainable consumption and production patterns? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of building resilient infrastructure, promoting inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and fostering innovation? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of reducing income inequality within and among countries? According to former US president Barack Obama 
In 2015, world leaders agreed to 17 goals for a better world by 2030. These goals called have the power to end poverty, fight inequality and stop climate change. They are referred to as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). They require the partnership of governments, private sector, civil society and citizens to make sure we leave a better planet for future generations. How important is the goal of achieving gender equality and empowering all women and girls? According to former US president Barack Obama 
